### WIPER CONTROL SYSTEM 

Over the past two decades, the automotive industry has aggressively researched ways to exploit modern computing and electronic advances in the development of safety,
reliability, and entertainment technologies for vehicles. With drivers exposed to an ever increasing number of distractions, automatic rain-sensing wiper systems become an even more appealing feature, as they work to minimize the time the driver must take his/her hands off the wheel. Most traditional systems offer intermittent as well as variable speed operation.Wiper is an essential component that used to wipe the raindrops or any water from the windscreen. Wipers are designed and made to clear the water from a windscreen. Most of cars have two wipers on the windscreen, one on the rear window and the other on each headlight. The wiper parts visible from outside the car are the rubber blade, the wiper arm holding the blade, a spring linkage, and parts of the wiper pivots. The wiper itself has about six parts called pressure points or claws that are small arms under the wiper.In this project, STM32F4xx-discovery board is used to demonstrate a wiper control system. In the STM32F4xx-discovery board LED's are used instead of DC motor and to indicate the change of speed of the wiper control system.The colours of these LEDs are orange, green, red, and blue. For the ignition of the system PUSH button is used. The purpose of the project is to provide safety for the drivers which is a basic requirement in automotive industry.
